#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Enumerate
User Requirements
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Users shall be able to activate/deactivate cubes on the grid by clicking
 on the cubes.
 1.1.1 A pleasing animation shall convey the information about which cubes
 are currently playing notes.
 2.1.2  Users shall be able to play sounds when they click the play/pause
 button.
 3.
  Users shall be able to pause sounds if it is active by clicking the play/pause
 button.
 5.
  Users shall be able to manipulate the sounds by interacting with the control
 panel.
 6.
  Users shall be able to stop sounds by clicking the stop button.
 7.
  Users shall be able to modify the tempo by clicking on the up or down
 icons located next to the tempo display.
 8.
  Users shall be able to pan sounds.
 9.
  Users shall be able to expand the grid.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Desirable 10.
  Users should be able to record sounds.
 11.
  Users should be able to download their creations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Optional 12.
  Users should be able to upload samples.
 13.
  Users should be able to select colors for the cubes on the grid.
   14.
  Users should be able to select colors for the effect buttons.
 15.
  Users should be able to assign effects/samples to the effects button.
 16.
  Users will be able to save sessions.
 17.
  Users will be able to change the camera view on the grid.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
2.2 System Requirements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
2.2.1 Functional
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Mandatory
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The system shall animate activated cubes on the grid when they are triggered
 by the step sequencer.
 The system shall stop the audio clock, playback, and visuals when the user
 clicks on the stop button.
 The system shall start the audio clock, playback, and visuals when the
 user clicks on the play/pause button.
 The system shall pause the audio clock, playback, and visuals when the
 user clicks on the play/pause button.
 The system shall feature hints when a user mouses over a button, a description
 of that button’s functionality will be displayed in a small dialog box.
 The system shall provide users with a sawtooth waveform using Web Audio
 API.
 The system shall provide users with a sine waveform using Web Audio API.
 The system shall provide users with a triangle waveform using Web Audio
 API.
 The system shall provide users with a square waveform using Web Audio API.
 The system shall provide users with a white noise waveform, this waveform
 consists of a full spectrum of waveform frequencies.
 The system shall provide users with a pink noise waveform, this waveform
 is similar to white noise waveform, but lower frequencies are emphasized.
 The system shall manage an audio clock to precisely schedule audio and
 visual events.
 The system shall supply effects that can be used to distort the the user’s
 sounds when they are triggered.
 The system will provide a pythagorean tuning system, this will define all
 notes and intervals of a scale on a 3:2 ratio.
 The system will provide an equal temperament tuning system, in this tuning
 system all adjacent notes will have identical frequency ratios.
 The system shall have a reverb effect, when active the raw audio will pass
 through the reverb modifier, and the audible 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Optional The grid should automatically scroll according to the current step
 on the grid.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Desirable The system should have tabs for displaying different screens (main
 sequencer screen, options screen, …)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
2.2.2 Non-Functional [Quantitative]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Performance: Sound Toy will have low latency.
 Sound Toy will have high availability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Testability: Sound Toy testing will be behavior-driven.
 Sound Toy will be tested using the Jasmine Framework, and JSHint to report
 problematic sections of the code.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Open Source: Sound Toy will be open source, the code is hosted in GitHub
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Usability: Sound Toy will provide an exciting user interface to engage the
 user Sound Toy will be intuitive and easy to learn
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Accessibility: Sound Toy is a web based service, therefore anyone with internet
 access can play with Sound Toy.
  Sound Toy requires Javascript, WebGL, Three.js, and WebAudio support.
  See Compatibility for recommended browsers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Compatibility: Sound Toy is compatible with Safari 6.0 up to the current
 version.
 Sound Toy is compatible with Chrome 10.0 up to the current version, however
 it is recommended that the minimum version users have is Chrome 18.0 as
 older versions only have partial support for WebGL.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
